[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Debbie Solaris is with
us, a galactic historian
and ET contactee.
She receives downloads
of galactic information,
including star lineages,
to help heal and transform
lives on Earth.
Debbie, welcome to the program.
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me back.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>SOLARIS: I've been
really good, thanks.
>>NOORY: How did this
all start for you?
>>SOLARIS: It started
a few years ago.
I was actually an ET contactee.
I was actually on board an
Arcturian starship back in 2012
and had an amazing
transformative experience
on board the ship.
And it awakened me to, I guess,
quite a few psychic gifts
that I didn't have before.
>>NOORY: Did they find you?
Or did you find them?
>>SOLARIS: I think
they found me.
I actually said a prayer
out to the universe,
asking for assistance for Earth.
I was really worried about
the state of our planet.
And I just decided to
send out this prayer.
And I asked for assistance from
any higher dimensional beings
that were willing to help us.
And so I understood
that that was
the reason why they contacted
me was because of the prayer
I sent out.
>>NOORY: How did
that contact occur?
In what form?
>>SOLARIS: It occurred during--
I always say it
was probably more
of an out-of-body
experience, where
I went to sleep as normal.
But when I came to, I was in
a different consciousness.
And it just wasn't a dream
because it was very, very real.
And I found myself on board
an extraterrestrial starship.
>>NOORY: Did you see the ET?
>>SOLARIS: I did, yes.
>>NOORY: What did
they look like?
>>SOLARIS: They were larger
heads, smaller bodies.
But they didn't look
like gray aliens.
They had the large
eyes, the larger head.
But the eyes had pupils.
They were kind of bluish,
greenish in color.
But they had very,
very big auras.
The auras were so
bright and so colorful
that it was even difficult
to look at them directly.
>>NOORY: Were you scared at all?
>>SOLARIS: No, I wasn't.
>>NOORY: Now, what is
star lineage, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: So ever since I
had that experience on board
the ship, I had--
it seemed to have activated an
extra sensory perception in me.
And through a
series of events, I
started doing Akashic readings.
I've done thousands of
Akashic readings since 2014.
And throughout the many
Akashic readings I've found
or I've done with
certain individuals,
I've realized that, hey,
there's quite a few of us that
aren't originally from planet
Earth, that we have souls.
So a starseed and a star
lineage are similar in the sense
that a starseed is somebody
that has a soul that originated
from another star system.
But they're having
a human incarnation.
A star lineage is
the lineage of where
they came from originally.
So if somebody, for
instance, is from Lyra,
they have a Lyran star lineage.
So it's just a history
of where they're from.
>>NOORY: What are some of
the most common star lineages
right here on planet Earth?
>>SOLARIS: Planet Earth
is actually our genetics.
Our human genetics is
actually a composite
of many different
star races who have
come to visit Earth
many thousands
and thousands of years ago.
And so we have genetics
from various systems.
Right now there's
many of us that
have souls that come
from other systems.
But we've chosen to be
here on Earth at this time.
But the most common ones I
see are Lyra Vega, Sirius,
and Pleiades.
Those would be the
most three common.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
At any point were
you scared with them?
>>SOLARIS: No, not
at all because they
emit such a loving energy
that I felt very comfortable
with the star people.
>>NOORY: Debbie,
Dr. David Jacobs,
who's a great
ufologist, believes
that this entire
episode of visitation
is very nefarious, that
there's something bad about it.
But you didn't pick
that up at all?
>>SOLARIS: No, actually, I
had a very positive abduction
experience.
So it was not
negative whatsoever.
I felt very loved, welcomed,
and very much, I would say,
at peace and at home
with these beings.
>>NOORY: What is a starseed?
>>SOLARIS: A
starseed is a person
who has a soul that
originated from another star
system or another galaxy or
even sometimes another universe.
But they have chosen,
for various reasons,
to have an Earth human
incarnation at this time.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Have you come across a starseed?
>>SOLARIS: I've come across
many starseeds with my work.
A lot of us on the
planet right now
are starseeds as
a matter of fact.
>>NOORY: How do
we know if we are?
>>SOLARIS: Usually if we have
an interest in spirituality
or stars or if we're really
interested in the paranormal
or the metaphysical realm, then
most likely we're a starseed.
>>NOORY: You mentioned
some of the type of ETs
that have come to this planet.
And let's go through them.
And tell us what they are--
the Lyrans-- what about them?
>>SOLARIS: Lyrans and Vegans--
so I categorize them
in the same group
because they come from
the same constellation.
But there are actually
two different star races.
The Lyrans-- the White Lyrans
were more of the Caucasian,
Nordic looking type of people.
>>NOORY: They look human types?
>>SOLARIS: They looked pretty
human, maybe taller, bigger.
But they have human features.
The Vegan people from
the Vega star system
were blue skinned beings
that also looked human.
>>NOORY: Like Avatars.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, like the
Avatar people, exactly.
And they look very similar
maybe to the Hindu gods perhaps.
There's a lot of correlations
between Ayurvedic medicine
and the Vegan principles.
>>NOORY: How about
the Pleiadians?
>>SOLARIS: The
Pleiadians were actually
a race of beings that were
descendants of Lyran refugees
that escaped the wars many
millions of years ago.
There was actually
a big war that
broke out between the
Lyrans and the Draconians,
beings from the Draco system.
And the Draconians had
much better technology.
So they ended up destroying
some of the Lyran planets.
So the Lyran people
ended up having
to escape to other star systems.
And the Pleiades was
one of those systems.
The Pleiades is actually in
the constellation of Taurus,
the bull, which
is a Zodiac sign.
But it's also a constellation.
And so these beings
were descendants
of these refugees who settled
in the Pleiades asterism.
>>NOORY: Now, the
star system Sirius
is where the Sirians come from.
We're not talking about
the country of Syria.
>>SOLARIS: No, not
>>NOORY: But it's the
Sirius star system.
Is that the same system that
the Dogon tribe in Africa
talked about?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
So Sirius is a
trinary star system.
Right now I think
they're actually binary.
But at one time, there was
actually three Sirius stars.
So there's a Sirius
A, a Sirius B,
and a Sirius C. The Dogon people
interacted with the Nommo, who
were amphibian beings from
Sirius B. And it's actually--
a lot of people
don't realize this.
But the plant cannabis actually
originated from Sirius B.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
They brought it here?
>>SOLARIS: They
brought it here, yes.
So--
>>NOORY: I don't know if we
should thank them or not.
>>SOLARIS: I think we should.
>>NOORY: Who knows, right?
>>SOLARIS: I think we
should because it's
an amazing medicinal plant,
has many wonderful properties.
But it actually means--
so canis means dog.
So it's Latin for dog.
And bis means two, which is the
second Sirian star, which is--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: --the Sirius
B. And so they brought it
with them to Earth.
And so now we get to
partake of cannabis.
>>NOORY: Debbie, what
about the Andromedans?
What about that
sect, I would guess?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, Andromeda is
a very interesting star system.
A lot of people are very
fascinated with Andromeda.
Andromeda-- there's actually
two Andromedan locations
that I often deal with
when I do Akashic readings.
The first one is
Andromeda galaxy,
which is a whole other galaxy.
It's actually 2 million light
years from our galaxy here.
>>NOORY: Our system, OK.
>>SOLARIS: There's also an
Andromeda constellation.
The majority of the
folks that I work with,
when I do Akashic
readings or at least
the ones that are
from Andromeda,
are usually from
the constellation.
But the Andromedans are actually
a composite of different races
of beings that--
there is a few that were
humanoid and quite a few that
weren't.
Some avian beings, also
located in Andromeda.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: And there is
also quite a few humans
or humanoid type of
beings that were also
descendant of Lyran refugees.
But they had evolved so
rapidly in Andromeda because
of its remote locations.
>>NOORY: How about
the Arcturians?
>>SOLARIS: A lot
of people are also
very fascinated
with the Arcturians.
The Arcturians are a race of
beings that are actually very,
very high dimensional, very--
most part are some
of the few races
of beings that are able
to transcend dimensions.
So they can move up and
down dimensions at will.
Not too many other
beings can do that.
They're actually a
separate consciousness
that, when this
galaxy was formed,
ended up residing in the Boötes
constellation, which is where
the star Arcturus is located.
>>NOORY: By knowing
your star lineage,
does it help you in your life?
Does it help your health?
What does it do for you?
>>SOLARIS: That's a
lot of the work I do.
I get a lot of clients who
ask me about their health
or ask me about
their relationships
or ask me about their work.
And so with the
understanding of what
systems they previously
incarnated in
allows me to assist them
in finding solutions
to some of the issues
that they might be having.
For instance, quite a few folks
that are of Lyran heritage
oftentimes find that
they might suffer
from certain
autoimmune conditions.
And the reason for this is
because the Lyran people,
millions of years ago, went
through a tremendous war.
So they went through
a lot of trauma.
So there's a lot of trauma
signatures in their soul DNA.
>>NOORY: And it's
handed down, I guess?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, it
just kind of carries--
it kind of genetically carries
what-- carries within them.
And then we do contain--
there's a lot of
us here on Earth
that have a certain percentage
of Lyran DNA from Lyrans
who visited Earth
a long time ago.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: So these
trauma signatures,
when they undergo a stressful
period in their life,
might get reactivated.
And so they might
experience some sort
of autoimmune condition, such
as fibromyalgia, for instance.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Do you think Adam and
Eve were starseeds?
>>SOLARIS: I think
they were likely--
this is my interpretation
of that whole story
and that maybe a lot of
people won't agree with this.
But I actually think they were
an allegorical representation
of what happened with the
downfall of the Lyran system.
>>NOORY: Oh Yeah.
>>SOLARIS: So they--
>>NOORY: Tell us more
about the Lyra system.
>>SOLARIS: The Lyra
system is pretty much
considered to be the home
of human consciousness.
So that was where the
humanoid races actually began.
It was where pretty much
our physical reality
began in this galaxy.
So these beings are
considered to be our founder
races or our forefathers.
And like I said before, there
was two different races.
So there was the
Blue Vegan race that
pretty much carried more of the
mother goddess consciousness
energy.
And then there was
the White Lyran race
that had more of the father
god consciousness frequency.
So these were our forefathers.
These were beings
that pretty much
started the expansion
of humanoid races
throughout our galaxy.
>>NOORY: What other issues,
medical or otherwise,
do the Lyran suffer from?
>>SOLARIS: Sometimes they can
also suffer from migraines,
for instance--
>>NOORY: Migraines?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, migraines.
Yeah, they get some--
they get headaches
when they undergo stress.
The other thing they
might suffer from
is maybe just some
immunocompromised conditions.
>>NOORY: And these
would be in human beings
from the Lyran descent?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, yes.
So I have quite a
few clients who have
had previous lifetimes in Lyra.
>>NOORY: OK, and how
do you know that?
>>SOLARIS: Through doing their
Akashic records readings.
So I will oftentimes
do a reading.
And just looking
into the records,
I'll see that, oh, you had a
certain percentage of lifetimes
in Lyra.
>>NOORY: Any
hypnotherapy involved?
>>SOLARIS: Not really,
not with the method I use.
I just download the information
directly from the records.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, what remedies
do you have to cope
with some of these conditions?
What can people do?
>>SOLARIS: A lot of--
Lyran starseeds, for
instance, do really
well with
psychospiritual healing,
such as family constellation
work or QHHT sessions,
which QHHT is a form of
hypnosis that allows a person
to explore past lives--
so past life
regression type work.
A lot of them will also
do very well with Theta
healing as well as supporting
maybe going on a cleaner diet.
So a high vibrational
diet will help them.
And, actually, for
Lyrans, they do very well
with very vigorous exercise.
These are very physical people.
So a lot of them
do really well when
they get involved with
very active sports.
>>NOORY: If you spent, Debbie,
10 minutes with somebody,
would you know if they
were a Pleiadian, Lyran,
Arcturian whatever they may--
Vegan?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, I do know this.
I'm able to read
somebody's auric field.
And a lot of times--
and I read frequency.
So a lot of times, I'll
pick up certain star lineage
frequencies and
somebody's auric field.
And so I can tell if
usually what system they're
connected with.
>>NOORY: Can you tell in my
case if I have any connection
at all with anything?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, you're
definitely a starseed, George.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, you are.
I pick up Lyran
heritage with you
but also many
lifetimes in Orion.
So you've had some
>>NOORY: What is the Pleiadian
system in terms of their health
situation?
Is it different?
>>SOLARIS: It is a
little different.
Pleiadians are very
sensitive, empathic people.
And so they get affected
by environmental energy
quite easily.
So sometimes they might get
overwhelmed with this energy.
And they might need
to take a timeout.
Sometimes with Pleiadians--
>>NOORY: A little breather, huh?
>>SOLARIS: They need
a little breather.
They need maybe some
stress management at times.
What I find with
Pleiadian starseeds
is there's quite a few
of them that suffer
from pre-diabetes or diabetes.
Quite a few of them also might
contract certain cancers.
So they'll need to look
at the emotional reasons
why they have created
these maladies that they're
dealing with.
>>NOORY: Are they more
susceptible to disease?
>>SOLARIS: I wouldn't
say any more susceptible
than say Lyrans or Sirians.
But, yeah, I would
say they probably need
to do some stress management.
>>NOORY: Where
did their genetics
come from, the Pleiadians?
>>SOLARIS: Mostly from Lyra.
Most of them are descendants
of Lyran refugees.
>>NOORY: You
mentioned the Sirians.
What is their starseed
health situation like?
>>SOLARIS: Sirians
in general tend
to be a little bit more
healthier, I would say,
generally speaking because
there's so much Sirian genetics
here on planet Earth.
So Sirian people really do
well here on Earth, more
so than, say, a Pleiadian
or an Arcturian.
But they can suffer from insulin
resistance, especially when
they're under a lot
of stress or even
some stress-related illnesses.
And they also sometimes
can have heart conditions.
So they might need to do
things to support their heart.
>>NOORY: This is fascinating.
If you go to a mainstream
medical doctor and say,
he's a Pleiadian or a Lyran,
they would think you're insane.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
Yeah, totally.
>>NOORY: You can't
deal with them.
>>SOLARIS: No, no.
But this is the direction--
>>NOORY: But you could help them
medically by talking to them.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
And there's many different
ways a starseed can improve
their health, mostly by just
working with their emotions,
working with maybe
some past life trauma,
and maybe even working
with this lifetime trauma.
But they can also do things
to help boost vibration.
When they do that, they find
that things shift very readily
for them.
>>NOORY: Why are these
different sects, S-E-C-T,
respond to certain things, like
the Sirians with plant medicine
and things like that?
>>SOLARIS: It's because
of their history--
of their galactic history.
Sirian people were very
focused on physical health.
As a matter of fact, many of
our physical alternative health
modalities actually
originated from Sirius,
including plant medicine.
So they worked with
plant medicine a lot,
hence why cannabis
came from Sirius.
But because they work so
much with plant medicine,
they respond very readily to
supplements and plant medicine.
>>NOORY: They were the original
herbalists, weren't they?
>>SOLARIS: They were.
They were, totally.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>SOLARIS: And, actually, Reiki
originated from Sirius as well
as massage therapy.
>>NOORY: Of all the
star systems out there,
which ones would you say are
the most predominant for us?
>>SOLARIS: I would say as
far as predominant genetics,
I would say we're
predominantly Sirian.
>>NOORY: We are?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I would
say the majority of us
have a certain
percentage of Sirian DNA.
But I also see quite
a few that have
Pleiadian DNA because these
were the star races that
had the most direct involvement
with developing their Earth
human genomes, so the Sirians
especially because they
were master geneticists.
But the Pleiadians
too also contributed
a lot of their genetics
to the Earth human genome.
>>NOORY: In your
out-of-body experience,
Debbie, that you had originally,
do you remember the spaceship?
>>SOLARIS: I do
remember the ship, yes.
>>NOORY: What did it-- can
you describe it for us?
>>SOLARIS: It
looked very organic.
It did not look like a
ship from a sci-fi movie.
So it was very organic.
But yet, you could tell it
was some sort of a craft.
>>NOORY: Like a huge amoeba
or something like that?
>>SOLARIS: It was very fluid.
I guess that's the best
way I can describe it.
It was comprised of light
and plasma-like material.
And it would shift and change--
>>NOORY: Glow.
>>SOLARIS: --and evolve--
>>NOORY: Morph and go back down.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>SOLARIS: But there was also
somewhat of a structure to it.
So I would find that when
these beings were taking me
on board the ship and they
were showing me around,
they actually showed
me different spaces
and rooms, which
also shift and change
according to what the needs.
>>NOORY: Were there
other humans on the craft
when you were there?
>>SOLARIS: There was
other humanoid beings.
But I don't recall any
other Earth humans.
>>NOORY: Human
beings, interesting.
The Bible talks about ancient
people, like Methuselah,
being 900 plus years old.
I find that hard to comprehend.
What does that mean to you?
>>SOLARIS: This-- I
have a lot of thoughts
about that actually.
I've thought about how
Earth people used to live
hundreds and hundreds of years.
And when I've looked
into the records,
my understanding around
that is that, in the past,
Earth humans used to
have 12-strand DNA.
And now we're only
down to two strands.
>>NOORY: What happened
to the other 10?
>>SOLARIS: We became manipulated
by certain star races
of people, such as the Anunnaki,
who wanted to manipulate Earth
human genetics in order
to use Earth humans as--
>>NOORY: Workers.
>>SOLARIS: --as workers
and slaves, totally.
So this totally
downgraded our abilities
to live a long, fruitful life.
And it introduced a lot
of health conditions.
>>NOORY: But you think humans
did live 900 years old?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah, totally.
I think we have that capacity
of doing that even today
if we can transcend
our vibration
and also be able
to align with more
of the fifth
dimensional energies.
>>NOORY: Can you
imagine what that
will do to Social Security?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
We'll be on Social
Security forever.
>>NOORY: They will be busted.
>>SOLARIS: I know, totally.
But we won't need
Social Security
because we will have the ability
to manifest whatever we need.
So we won't need money anymore.
>>NOORY: Why do some of us age
differently and others don't?
Some people reach
90, close to 100.
Other people are sometimes
lucky to get to be 40 or 50.
Why the difference?
>>SOLARIS: I would say partially
because of their genetics.
Maybe they have
hardier genetics.
>>NOORY: Different starseeds?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, maybe different
starseed lineages and maybe
some other folks.
And a lot of it can
do with epigenetics.
So epigenetics is the
condition where we are
able to change our genetics.
So some of us might live
very stressful, hard lives
that might have an
impact on our health.
Others of us have learned to
better self-care and maybe ways
of dealing with stress that
enables us to live longer.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
How do you understand
anti-aging?
How can you make yourself
appear to be younger?
>>SOLARIS: I can just share
what I've done, I guess.
I've actually gone through a
complete health transformation.
I've lost almost 80 pounds.
>>NOORY: You weighed
80 more pounds?
>>SOLARIS: I did.
>>NOORY: Where did you put it?
>>SOLARIS: It was
all around here.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I was
a little apple shaped.
But, yes, I did lose 80 pounds.
And I've done a lot of my own
research around anti-aging.
And we have certain telomeres.
So the telomeres-- the shorter
they get, it impacts our aging.
So we age more rapidly.
So in order to lengthen
our telomeres in our cells,
there's two components.
And this is interesting.
So it's eating less,
taking in less calories.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: And also, the
other thing is exercising
vigorously--
so doing some form of
cardio and weight training.
And these are exercise
that I incorporate.
>>NOORY: That's common sense.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
It's just totally common sense.
But a lot of it also is working
on the emotional components
of why you've maybe developed
these conditions to begin
with--
so looking at maybe some past
life trauma or even this life
trauma that might be
impacting your health.
I was diagnosed with
breast cancer back in 2016.
And I decided not to
use allopathic medicine.
I went on a total
alternative medicine route.
>>NOORY: You took a chance.
You know that.
>>SOLARIS: I took
a chance, yeah.
And my doctor was
very angry with me
because I refused to do chemo.
I refused to do radiation.
I didn't want to take any
of the anti-estrogen drugs.
So I used a combination of
theta healing, of past life
regression work, shadow
work, a lot of detoxing,
totally cut sugar from my diet.
And within 10 months, I was
in remission from my cancer.
>>NOORY: You beat it.
And how are you now?
>>SOLARIS: I am still in
remission six years later.
>>NOORY: Good girl.
Keep doing what you're doing.
You're doing something right.
>>SOLARIS: Yes, thank you.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: What
would you recommend
to people who want to
change their lifestyle, who
want to better themselves,
who want to lose 80 pounds?
>>SOLARIS: Definitely
look into more
of a plant-based,
high vibrational diet.
That seems to be
the diet that works
best with a lot of star
lineages regardless
of where you're from.
So most of us do very well on
plant-based diets, maybe not
necessarily all full
force vegan but as much
plant-based as possible.
Also, exercise is important.
Like I said, common sense stuff.
>>NOORY: Absolutely,
and discipline.
>>SOLARIS: What's that?
>>NOORY: Discipline.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, discipline.
Yeah, just being very consistent
with what you're doing.
Self-care is like the
ultimate importance to me.
I went through a lot
of health issues.
So for me, my health
is number one.
So I spend a lot of time
on improving my health
and working on my health.
But the other thing
too is meditation
helps, a yoga
practice, whatever you
can do to connect with
the higher realms,
raising your vibration,
which there's many ways
to raise your vibration.
But there's many, many different
ways we can improve our health.
Stress management is a big
one, dealing with anger issues.
Or dealing with--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SOLARIS: --our--
grief is another one.
Grief can definitely age
a person very rapidly.
>>NOORY: Can you slow
down the aging process?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: No question?
>>SOLARIS: No question.
Yes, I believe that.
>>NOORY: Different techniques?
>>SOLARIS: There's
different techniques.
I would say what
worked for me was
a combination of the
psycho-spiritual,
and also changing my day-to-day
habits helped me a lot.
I'm very adamant
about exercising.
I exercise almost every day.
I do different things.
>>NOORY: Yeah, I do
four days a week.
I do what is called the Royal
Canadian Air Force exercise.
You don't need a
lot of equipment.
But you can do it in your
house as often as you want.
And they have categories
based on your age.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
>>NOORY: So they say you do
20 push-ups if you're 45.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, wow.
>>NOORY: You do 15
push-ups if you're 55.
They weigh that.
And what I try to
do is look at my age
and then excel with the
numbers they give you.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that's amazing.
>>NOORY: Yeah, at my age,
one push-up is enough.
>>SOLARIS: Right.
>>NOORY: So I want to do two--
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: --that kind of thing.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah, totally.
Why not?
>>NOORY: But it works.
>>SOLARIS: So with
exercise, what
I find with different star
lineages is that Sirian people,
because they lived on
very watery planets,
they do well with
water exercise.
They do well with swimming.
And they love swimming.
They love boating
or water skiing.
So they do very well with
those types of exercises,
whereas Pleiadians seem to enjoy
like more gentler exercises,
like tai chi or yoga or--
>>NOORY: Earthy things.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, more-- yeah,
a little bit more gentle,
more of a flow.
Lyrans, on the other
hand, those folks
do really well with very
vigorous exercise-- so
weight training or running or
cycling, those types of things.
Arcturian and
Andromedan starseeds
do very well with more
self-directed exercise.
So by self-directed,
I mean exercise
that they can do on
their own, whether it
be cycling or running or
something to that extent,
whereas the Lyran
people do better
with team-based exercises.
>>NOORY: Do all these different
kinds of civilizations
get along with each other
throughout the universe?
Or are there warring
factions there?
>>SOLARIS: I would say there's
benevolent star systems.
And most of them are part
of what we call the Galactic
Federation, which the
Galactic Federation is
an alliance between these
different star systems.
>>NOORY: Why are we
not part of that?
>>SOLARIS: I thought
about that a lot.
And I think it's because, as
far as our spiritual evolution,
we're just not there
yet on planet Earth.
We're warring with
each other too much.
>>NOORY: They look at us
as a hateful civilization.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, we're too
much duality consciousness.
>>NOORY: I would
agree with that.
We're not there yet.
>>SOLARIS: Not quite there yet.
>>NOORY: Got a ways to go.
Are there other ways that
you can raise your vibration?
And what does that mean?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, I would say
probably the easiest way
would be through meditation.
That will raise your
vibration immediately-- eating
a clean diet and taking
care of yourself.
So even emotional
self-care will help.
Personally, my favorite way
is just to watch a comedy show
and laugh.
Just laughing--
>>NOORY: And they say
laughter is the best medicine.
>>SOLARIS: It is.
And they were totally
right about that.
So that's my favorite
way to raise my--
so if I'm feeling down one day,
I'll just watch a comedy show.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: And I'll
start laughing.
And it totally changes
my perspective on things.
>>NOORY: Debbie,
have you ever come
across a psychic vampire, a
person who just sucks energy
from people?
Sometimes they don't even
know they're doing it.
But they are.
>>SOLARIS: Oh,
totally, all the time--
all the time, as more often
than I like to say I do.
But, yes, I do run
across those people.
>>NOORY: Now, do you try
to get away from them?
Or do you try to help them?
What do you do?
>>SOLARIS: Mostly I just try
to create a shielding force.
So I create a shielding
bubble around myself.
I actually pull in energy
from the star Arcturus.
So I'll just
meditate and connect
with the star Arcturus and
my Arcturian star family.
And I will pull in this
swirling white and blue light
into my crown chakra
and create a Toric field
around my physicality.
So it just strengthens
my auric field.
And so then they don't have the
capacity of sucking energy off
of me or anybody else.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: So I do that
quite a bit actually.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of music
in its ability to make
people upbeat and happy?
>>SOLARIS: Music and sound
has a really direct effect
on shifting our frequency.
So listening to really
nice, soothing music
can do a lot to help
shift someone's frequency.
>>NOORY: The sound of rain
or something like that.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah, totally,
or even just some nice,
high vibrational music.
>>NOORY: If anybody has Alexa,
do an experiment with Alexa.
Say, Alexa, please
play sounds of rain.
And it will.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
>>NOORY: And it is
truly remarkable.
And then when you
want it shut off,
Alexa comes back
on and says, do you
want to sleep by this sound?
And you tell it yes or no.
But it's a soothing effect.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
I always tell Alexa
to play happy music.
And she does.
There's always some sort of
upbeat song or something.
So you can also use the
technology around you
to help boost your frequency.
>>NOORY: Well, and
you just brought up
something interesting--
technology, of these various ET
groups that you've
mentioned on this program.
Are there any that are more
technologically advanced?
Or are they all the same?
>>SOLARIS: I would
say the Arcturians
and the Andromedans have more
advanced healing technologies,
which I hope in the near
future that we will have privy
to some of these technologies.
They have healing pods that are
able to heal people just using
frequency.
And I think these will be
probably similar to the med
beds that are coming on the--
>>NOORY: They're popping
all over the place now.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: You see them
at airports and stuff.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, yeah, totally.
And that's the
wave of the future
that we're moving more towards--
away from allopathic,
big pharma and more
towards frequency medicine.
>>NOORY: Would you call this
alternative healing universal?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, definitely.
It's all based on frequency.
>>NOORY: Is there
a better ET group
that is better than the other?
>>SOLARIS: I would say
each of the different races
have their own techniques.
It's kind of like saying one
kid is better than the other.
Obviously, you can't do that.
>>NOORY: Oh, you love one
kid more than the other.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
you can't do that.
>>NOORY: You can't do that.
>>SOLARIS: But they have
their different techniques.
Sirians are very
physically oriented.
So a lot of our
alternative medicine
actually originated from
Sirius and the Vega system
because they were kind
of a Vega-based society.
But the Arcturians were
amazing with frequency,
with shifting, being able to
improve health through using
just frequency alone.
And the Sirians actually
worked a lot with crystals.
And, actually, the
Andromedans did too.
>>NOORY: So did the Atlanteans.
>>SOLARIS: The Atlanteans, yeah.
>>NOORY: Did they?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, they
used a lot of crystals.
So if you are able to
work with crystal healing,
that could help as well.
And as far as
frequency medicine,
the Pleiadians were very good
at psychospiritual healing.
So they were able to help
people transcend their emotions.
These were people that
were very empathic.
So they were able to help people
heal from trauma just using
a transference of emotion or
a transmutation of emotions.
And the Andromedans used
a lot of sound healing.
>>NOORY: If you could
travel to a star
system, which of the many that
you mentioned would that be?
>>SOLARIS: Probably Arcturus
because they just had
amazing crystal healing pods.
I want to experience that
and see what that's like.
>>NOORY: Interesting
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I would love to
experience an Arcturian crystal
pod.
>>NOORY: You beat cancer.
You lost 80 pounds.
You're staying healthy.
What's next for you?
>>SOLARIS: Right
now I'm currently
teaching in a galactic
Akashic reading course.
We're actually on week six.
It's an eight-week course.
And I'm actively trying to
help others do what I do
and have access to
their records as well
and be able to access
this information that
has helped me so much.
And it's also helped my clients.
So there's others-- I'm
also teaching others
how to do what I do.
>>NOORY: How do people
find you, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: They can find
me through my website,
debbiesolaris.com,
D-E-B-B-I-E S-O-L-A-R-I-S.
So they just find me
through my website.
>>NOORY: Do they make
appointments with you?
How does that work?
>>SOLARIS: If somebody-- I'm
actually quite booked out
right now for readings.
But if someone is
interested, they
can just contact me
through my website.
>>NOORY: Now, when
you say booked out,
how far out in advance?
>>SOLARIS: Well, generally,
I just booked two months
in advance because--
>>NOORY: It's pretty
intensive, isn't it?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, but--
but, yeah, usually--
but I have a very,
very long waiting list.
So if you're patient and you
want to have a reading with me,
you just contact me
through my website.
>>NOORY: What star
system are you from?
>>SOLARIS: I would say
mostly from Arcturus.
But I've actually incarnated
in many different systems.
So I feel a connection
with almost all of them.
>>NOORY: There's a little
bit of all of them in there.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, all of them.
But I would say
originally from Arcturus.
>>NOORY: What do your
friends say about this?
>>SOLARIS: My friends?
They think it's-- most of my
friends are starseeds too.
So they think it's
really awesome and cool.
So they're on board with it.
>>NOORY: What about
people who are skeptical?
What do you say to them?
>>SOLARIS: I've actually
encountered a few skeptics.
And pretty much
what I tell them is,
I'm doing my thing
to help others.
And if you align with it, great.
If not, then it's not for you.
And I honor your path.
So I don't hold a
lot of criticism
or a lot of negative
thinking towards people
that think differently
from me because we're all
on our own paths.
>>NOORY: We sure are.
Debbie, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
It's been great being
back and talking to you.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: It's fascinating.
We're not quite in the
Galactic Federation yet.
But the day will come
that we will be invited.
And when we do, it'll
change this planet forever.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[AUDIO LOGO]